This directory contains examples on how to use dccrg.

If the prerequisites of dccrg are in the default system location
or in your home directory you can compile the examples by
running make in this directory. Otherwise modify the environment
makefile (default is ../makefiles/homedir) accordingly,
for example, by changing the CPPFLAGS and LDFLAGS variables.

simple_game_of_life demonstrates the basic usage of dccrg and
doesn't produce any output.

game_of_life shows how to overlap computation and communication
and has been split into functions.

game_of_life_with_output is the same as game_of_life but it also
saves the game into .dc files which can be converted to vtk
format with dc2vtk.

dc2vtk converts the .dc files produced by
game_of_life_with_output into vtk files visualizable with VisIt
(https://wci.llnl.gov/codes/visit)
After running the game_of_life_with_output program you can view
the result with
./dc2vtk *.dc
and
visit -o game_of_life_000.vtk
Under Plots click Add->Mesh->mesh and Add->Pseudocolor->is_alive
Then click Draw. You should see 10 by 10 grid with cells with
either the value 0 or 1. You can view other time steps by using
the VCR controls above the Plots buttons. You can change the
variable to visualize by selecting Pseudocolor in the list below
the Plot buttons and clicking Variables and the required variable.
The game_of_life_with_output program only saves the is_alive
variable. For more advanced usage of VisIt see its documentation
at the page given above.
